Game Help
---------------
- About the Game:
The objective of the game is to increase the player’s awareness of the challenges
 that the Department of conservation faces and to promote their conservation message. 
The game places the player on an island named “Kiwi-Island” that allows him/her to explore
 an island filled with “kiwis” and “predators”. The player navigates through different
 terrains on the island such as “Sand”, “Forest”, “Wetland”, “Scrub” and “Water” dodging
 “Hazards”, carrying a backpack filled with items that he/she picks during this adventure
 to count kiwis and in-turn learn about their habitation, life cycle and food. They also trap
 predators along the way and learn about how the predators affect the kiwi population. All this
 exploring tires the player and forces him/her to collect food items to regain stamina and
 continue their adventure!

- How do I win the game?
Accomplishing any of the following while alive will allow you to win the game:
1. Count all the kiwis along with capturing 80% of the total predators on the Kiwi-island.
2. Capture all the predators.

- When will I lose?
You will lose if you run out of stamina before completing the tasks required to win the game.
The island has different hazards at different places, if you step on a hazard that turns out
 to be fatal, you lose the game instantly.

- How do I regain my stamina?
While navigating through the island you will find various food items labeled as “E”. You can pick
 them up and use them to regain your stamina.
Note: Don’t over stack food items in the backpack as they will increase you backpack weight which
 will reduce your stamina more with every step you take.

- How do I trap predators?
While navigating through the island you will find tools that you can pick up. Among the different
 tools, “trap” is one of the tools you can pick up. Once you have obtained a trap, you simply use
 it whenever you land on a spot that has a predator on it.

- How do I count kiwis?
While moving around on the island, you will land on spots that have the letter “K” displayed on it.
 The letter “K” denotes that there is a kiwi on that spot and you can click on the “Count” button
 at the bottom right corner to count a kiwi.

- What is Bait used for?
 Bait represents the food that kiwis eat. You can pick up bait from the island and store it in your
  backpack. You can then use bait whenever you want to attract kiwis in a 2 block radius towards you.
 
- What is my backpack for?
 While exploring the island you will find different items like a "trap", "screwdriver", "food",  "bait" etc.
  These items can be picked up and collected in your backpack and used when appropriate. Although you can
  add a lot of items in your backpack there is a limit to what your shoulders and the bag can bare, so keep
  and eye on the "Backpack Size" which tells you how much space you have already occupied.

- What do the different letters on the island represent?
    Fauna "F"
    Food "E"
    Hazard "H"
    Kiwi "K"
    Predator "P"
    TOOL "T"
    BAIT "B" 

- Other Tips
 You can hover your cursor over the items in your inventory or the objects in the "Objects" panel
  to get a description of the item.